[12/10, 12:07 AM] Vrushab: *C1*: The waste like plastic, cardboard boxes, glass, steel, wood packaging's are thrown away, without much thought about their impact on the environment. However, it's important to realize that these waste materials can have a serious negative impact on the planet. Plastic, for instance, can take hundreds of years to decompose and can pollute our oceans and harm wildlife. Cardboard boxes and paper can contribute to deforestation and the loss of important animal habitats. Glass, if not recycled properly, can also take up space in landfills and contribute to pollution. Steel and wood packagings can also have a harmful impact on the environment if not disposed of properly. By being more mindful about the waste we produce and taking steps to reduce, reuse, and recycle, we can help protect our planet for future generations.
[12/10, 12:16 AM] Vrushab: *C4*: We provide our customers with greater transparency, you can now track the progress of your waste pickup from the moment it is placed for pickup until you receive the cash rewards. We are hereby to make a sustainable environment with no wait and stress-free tracking. You Get Paid, If You Save Our Mother Earth.
[12/10, 12:23 AM] Vrushab: *C5*: 
Our brand partners are integral to our company's mission of creating a safer environment for all. With their support and collaboration, we are able to develop innovative solutions and technologies that promote sustainability and reduce the impact of carbon footprints on our planet. We are proud to work with such committed partners who share our vision of a cleaner and safer world we live in. Together, we are making a real difference in the world and paving the way for future generations to enjoy a healthier and more prosperous Earth.



[12/5, 9:18 PM] Vrushab: Meet Daile: The Key to Sustainable Happiness, Progress, and Balance.
In light of the changing world around us, it's crucial to take action to safeguard our planet and guarantee a promising future. That's where Daile comes in – the innovative Sense of Evolution. Daile embodies joy, growth, and harmony, all while advocating for a cleaner environment. Our team is working tirelessly to lay the groundwork for a cleaner world and let everyone breathe clean Daily with Daile.
Daile is proudly MADE in INDIA, 
Daile is proudly MADE for INDIA.
[12/5, 9:18 PM] Vrushab: The repetition of materials that have potential for reuse is a key challenge.

Reducing the amount of waste in our society is becoming increasingly important, and a big part of this effort is finding ways to do it.
The problem, however, is that we often find ourselves in a cycle of producing new materials, using them once, and then throwing them away.
This is not only wasteful, but it's also damaging to the environment. Unfortunately, only 30% of packaging is recycled in India, yet resulting in 9400 tones of plastic waste presence. 
Even more concerning is the fact that the Indian market requires 413 billion packaging units, which leads to the release of 2.7 billion metric tons of CO2 emissions during manufacturing, according to 2022 census. But if this carries the same, there will be drastic market increase and also the downfall of our nature. 
To stop this we are evolving as Daile to reuse and reduce.
[12/5, 9:18 PM] Vrushab: By decreasing the amount of repeat manufacturing and reusing old packaging materials, we can greatly reduce the amount of waste generated by our society. 
Not only does this help to conserve resources and reduce the carbon footprint of businesses, it also serves as a way to promote sustainability and foster a greener future for generations to come.
By taking small steps towards reducing waste and promoting sustainable practices, we can all play a role in creating a more environmentally-friendly world.
So let's make a conscious effort to reuse old packaging materials and reduce the amount of waste we generate.
[12/5, 9:18 PM] Vrushab: DAILE USP
We are different from scrap workers in many of the senses.
We are into the business, where we build a community to sustain.
We pay per piece not per kilograms.
We are the source of indirect marketing for our partner companies.
Every company is unable to collect their empty products directly, where Daile is a major platform.
We sort and hygine the consumer products at our Daile warehouses.







By decreasing the amount of repeat manufacturing and reusing old packaging materials, we can greatly reduce the amount of waste generated by our society. 
Not only does this help to conserve resources and reduce the carbon footprint of businesses, it also serves as a way to promote sustainability and foster a greener future for generations to come.
By taking small steps towards reducing waste and promoting sustainable practices, we can all play a role in creating a more environmentally-friendly world.
So let's make a conscious effort to reuse old packaging materials and reduce the amount of waste we generate.
